INAPPROPRIATE CONDUCT DURING CPEN311 TESTS
==========================================

For each midterm or final exam task listed in the declaration below,
answer the statement with **YES**, **NO**, or **UNSURE**.

Declarations that are all **NO** do not need to be submitted.

Please commit and push your changes to this file by 3pm 7 January 2025.

DECLARATION
-----------

FOR TASKS THAT I HAVE MARKED **YES** BELOW, MY GRADE FOR THAT TASK
SHOULD BE GIVEN A GRADE OF 0 BECAUSE EITHER I COMMUNICATED ABOUT THE
TASK WITH ANOTHER PERSON WHEN I SHOULDN'T HAVE, OR I ENGAGED IN
SOME OTHER INAPPROPRIATE OR UNPROFESSIONAL CONDUCT.

FOR TASKS THAT I HAVE MARKED **UNSURE** BELOW, I MAY HAVE ENGAGED IN
COMMUNICATION, INAPPROPPRIATE, OR UNPROFESSIONAL CONDUCT. I UNDERSTAND
THE INSTRUCTOR WILL DECIDE ON THE GRADE BASED ON EVIDENCE AT HAND.

FOR ANY TASKS MARKED **YES** OR **UNSURE**, I UNDERSTAND THERE WILL BE
NO FURTHER PURSUIT OF ACADEMIC MISCONDUCT AGAINST ME.

+ I withdraw my submission for Midterm 1, Task 1: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Midterm 1, Task 2: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Midterm 2, Task 1: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Midterm 2, Task 2: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Midterm 3, Task 1: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 1: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 2: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 3: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 4: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 5: NO
+ I withdraw my submission for Final Exam, Task 6: NO

In addition to the above declarations, I wish to describe my actions as follows:
(write an optional description here, particularly for items declared **UNSURE**)

By answering **YES** or **UNSURE** above, I accept that my grade for that task
may be reduced and my final mark for that midterm or exam will be reduced for
that task accordingly.

Name:  (your name)

Student Number: (your number)


INSTRUCTIONS
============

1. The only acceptable responses above are **YES**, **NO**, or **UNSURE**.

2. If you did NOT engage in any improper conduct, you should leave **NO** in the declaration.

3. If you did not answer a task, leave the default answer of **NO**.

4. If your answer is **NO** for all tasks, please do not submit a declaration.

5. If you DID communicate with one or more people, either directly or
indirectly as a sender or recipient or both, or engaged in an yother form
of academic misconduct, then change the NO to **YES**.

6. If you did conduct yourself inappropriately for some tasks, but are not sure
which ones, then write **YES** for the ones you are sure about and **UNSURE** for
the ones you are uncertain about.  For the tasks marked **UNSURE**, the instructor
will determine whether the task will be considered **YES** or **NO** based on the
evidence at hand.


ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
----------------------

If you communicated after you completed your midterm or exam, but before the other
party finished their exam, then you are still considered to have participated in
communication during the midterm or exam.

Note that communication may have been either direct (eg, email/chat) or indirect
(eg, shared files).

Inappropriate or unprofessional conduct includes submitting code past the deadline,
modifying your submission in a way intended to deceive the examiners or receive
credit you would not have otherwise received, and similar acts.

By responding to a task as **YES** or **UNSURE**, you will receive no further
penalties other than a grade of 0 for this task.

By responding **YES** or **UNSURE** one or more tasks, special consideration
will be made to determine whether your remaining grade is a pass or fail. That
is, in some circumstances, you might still pass the course even though your grade
was reduced.

If there is any evidence of cheating for a task, but you have answered **NO**, then
the case will be escalated through the normal UBC process.  The typical penalty
is 0 on the test and you will typically fail the course.


REMINDERS
---------

+ Midterm 1, Task 1: Testbench for 100% coverage of airplane flaps and landing gear
+ Midterm 1, Task 2: Verilog design, division calculation
+ Midterm 2, Task 1: Verilog design, VGA sprite (drawing a straight line)
+ Midterm 2, Task 2: Verilog design, VGA fractal drawing
+ Midterm 3, Task 1: Verilog design, memory (frame buffer) writing and readout
+ Final Exam, Task 1: Verilog testbench to achieve high coverage in card game
+ Final Exam, Task 2: Verilog RTL to draw a filled circle
+ Final Exam, Task 3: single-port memory generated by Quartus
+ Final Exam, Task 4: KVS accelerator Verilog RTL
+ Final Exam, Task 5: Platform Designer screenshot of KVS accelerator
+ Final Exam, Task 6: KVS main.c testing code


